To start reactjs project in using tailwind css and vite

steps:-

1- npm create vite@latest client
2- then select react
3- then select javascipt + SWC (because it is fast then normal JS)
4- then enter in folder cd folder name
5- npm i

after that we have to consider tailwind css

6- search tailwind using vite
7- then copy the code  from the second step and go on till last step, and past over the terminal 


after that you can add VS code extension if you want them

8- if you want to add your code into github directory directly then 
9- git init (to initialize the git)
10-git add .
11-git commit -m
12- git commit -m "here you can add your specific comment".
13- now you have to go into the github profile to create resository
14- after creating of repository then you have to copy second paragraph command from git hub step by step then past over the  terminal to make a connection and push code over the github






In a backent part

1. first make folder for backend code
2. then outside/root location  install the modules
3. npm init -y
4. npm i express
5.npm i nodemon
6.then set the "type": "module" in the package.json file other wise it will show error because you are using modules from outside the backend folder
7.then set the script part so that you can start your backend server easly with npm run dev command "dev": nodemon (backend folder name)/(file name) 
8.then set the script part so that you can start your backend server easly with npm run start withot help of nodemon command "start": node (backend folder name)/(file name) 
9.then you should switch your client side to root directory for pushing the code on github then you have to use command
10.in client folder you have to use command mv .git ../
11. then you have to move your client side gitignor file to root direcory so you dont have to upload modules in repository


now time to make a  connection with mongodb database and install it

1. "npm i mongoose express" in backend folder
2. "npm i dotenv" to hide the credentials from public 


npm i bcryptjs
npm i jsonwebtoken




for isntallling the redux toolkit and setup of redux

1. search on google 'redux-toolkit' and go to on this site and click over quick setup then follow the all instruction  to setup reduc in application
2. In setup of redux in application then you have to setup redux persist so that when you refresh the browser then data in redux devtool kit remain dont 
  remove from there
3. For that you have to install 'npm i react-persist'.  






For setup of online google login instruction
1. first open firebase site then create a account if you dont have it 
2. after login your account then you have to 'go to  in console'
3. then mention your project name and create them
4. after creation of project then go to in 'web(</>)'
5. then create nick name 
6. then copy  command for installaion of firebase in client side
7. then copy the below code given in firebase site and create a new file in SRC folder with the name of firebase.js 
    pase all code over there
8.after that you have to add 'export' keyword in firebse.js file before the 'app' so that you can use it in application everywhere
9.then you have to hide API Key in firebse file due to security reason then you have to create new '.env' file in src folder i client side
  then you have to hide your apikey 
10. after that you have to add 'import.env.variable_name' in which you store the apikey 
11. after that you have to go on firebase site then click over authentication option complete the furhter procedure   

  















